Hello
Feel free to explore our shop...
Thanks.
I choose this one.
Here's money.
Thank you so much.
Are you studying at MTR school?
Yes, I'm.
Are you alumni?
What a small world!
Are you interested in a ceramics workshop?
That's quite interesting.
I have to go now.
Just a second.
You forgot the change.
Thanks so much.
My name's Tiew.
I'm Mork.
Nice to meet you...
I have to leave now.
I've met a guy.
His name is P' Tiew...
WTF?
I lost some money again!
It's such a bad day!
Hi, P'Tiew.
Who are you?
I'm Mork!
I'm not sure that I know you.
Mork, a student from MTR school. We met at the ceramics shop yesterday.
Are you sure that I'm the one you're looking for?
What a crazy day!
I lost some money and that he has a wrong person.
Are you sure that you don't know me?
It's my turn!
You've a lot of money.
I think I left my wallet around here...
I was sit here.
Where is it?
Where's my wallet?
What da heck!
Oh! it's such a very bad day!
Excuse me?
The weather's so hot!
It's really hot today!
My wallet is with you - Nong Mork, isn't it?
So, you remember me now?
Are you sure this wallet is yours?
Thanks so much.
You lose!
Lose?
What do I lose?
This morning, you pretended you didn't know me.
Okay! I admit that I lose.
Will you let me take you home?
No, thanks.
I rode my bicycle this morning.
Ai P' Tiew!
You don't respect me as your senior!
since you knew me that I was your old school's senior.
You're having so much fun.
You can treat me like I'm your friend next time!
Wow! Really?
Opps!
Just kidding!
Ai P' Tiew!
Anyway...
Whatever you want to name me, it's fine for me.
Absolutely! Ai P' Tiew!
Now you're pushing it too far!
Anyway, let's go.
Where will we go?
My house.
Go with me!
I know what you're looking at.
What am I looking at?
You're looking at my six-pack abs!
It's not true! I've not looked at yours.
You use dubiously high-pitched.
Are you interested in me?
Hey!
If you invite me to come here and see your six-pack abs, please do not invite me again.
Will you join me in swimming?
I won't.
It's so cold.
Are you afraid that your six-pack abs are less attractive than mine?
I think you want to see my six-pack abs!
Yes!
Are you brave to show me yours?
Rare item like this, it's not so easy to let you see!
Show me what you got!
Swim with me!
Nope!!
Please...
What are you doing? I'm getting wet.
I'm afraid not.
No no no!
May I see your rare item? Please...
No way!
Take off your clothes
Nope!!
Okay.
I won't tease you then.
Do you have any plans for tomorrow?
I have no idea. Why?
What will you want me to do?
I will let you know.
You like teasing me!
I don't want to get wet!
Tomorrow, I have the appointment with Ai P' Tiew.
This is for you.
P' Tiew...
Let's have the ice cream challenge.
The loser has to eat everything the winner cooks.
Are you sure?
Why not?
Are you afraid that you will be a loser?
Deal!
Why are you laughing?
Nothing at all
But you're still laughing....
Your face looks so funny.
Really?
Are you sure?
Yes, of course!
Mork...
I've just finished eating the second ice cream.
You're loser!
Shall we skip this round?
No way!
It's too cold!
I can't eat it all.
Please.....
No!
I got brain freeze like you but I can resist.
Skip this challenge, please....
This challenge was proposed by you, and you lose!.
As the winner, I have to follow the rules.
Please, please, please...
Please, please, please....
Please skip this round.
You don't have to beg me.
Rules are rules.
You have to eat it all.
No, no, no, no, no...
Mai, mai, mai, mai... (Mai in Thai means No)
I'll not be kind-hearted for you.
Eat it all!
Open your mouth, and eat it all.
Eat it!
It's extremely cold.
Eat it!!!
That's it!!
Next time, make sure that you challenge the right person.
Our meal is ready.
Khao Soi
Famous and delicious dish.
Thanks so much.
Please try.
You try first.
Let me try another dish.
Up to you...
Aroi! (Delicious)
It's salty!!!
Just eat it!
It's so salty.
But you have to eat because of our deal.
The loser needs to eat everything that the winner orders.
So eat it!
Okay, you can eat my dish.
Wow!
You're so nice!
Why don't you eat?
This dish is for the loser only. So I, as the winner, can not eat!.
I think you don't eat it because it's salty.
P'Tiew...
I have a story to tell you...
There's a story of the Tha Phae Gate...
If we walk from the end of wall to the center of the Tha Phae Gate with 99 steps completely,
you'll find your soulmate.
Really?
Hmm... Let's try...
Why would I have to try with you?
Are you afraid...
if I try, maybe I will be your soulmate?
Not really!
--- Subtitles by Natt Tongtep ---